---
layout: post
title:  "I am a maker"
date:   2016-08-04 18:00:00 +0100
---

I am a maker. For as long as I can remember I've always made things.

Way back in primary school I attempted to make a feature film with some friends. (I may have been just a little bit naive). Now we failed to pull that off, but we gave it a good attempt. My friend got a video camera, and we designed the artwork. Something about a monster that was hiding in your house, some frog looking reptile. Eventually, we gave up in a struggle to write any script, as neither of us was excellent at writing or language at that point. Either way, we created some artwork and made some fun little videos in learning to use the video camera.

As the years passed, I've continued building projects, and I gained a lot from each project. On the way, I met a lot of people online and offline who were doing all sorts of creative things, and I learnt a lot from them.

In secondary school, I joined an online game called Active Worlds which was a 3D virtual universe where you could chat and build anything in 3D from a simple house to entire cities. From there I discovered web development, programming, 3D Modelling and countless other skills from the other players part of the community.

I created myself as a 3D avatar for use in the virtual world, and I created a social network for my class at school, and sometimes more nefarious applications like a secret chat room which you could pop on to the website you were supposed to be on for that lesson.

Now all that was a while ago, but looking back I can see two things resonate with me. Firstly, that I relish the process of putting together ideas, creating something new, and sharing the result. Secondly, that people have been key to that. The relationships we've formed, the things we have created together, the skills we've learnt from each other.

Life is about the people you meet, and the things you create with them.
